com/userdemo/UserDemoApplication.java
 com.userdemo.UserDemoApplication
com/userdemo/client/from/WebBookRegisterForm.java
 com.userdemo.client.from.WebBookRegisterForm
 com.userdemo.client.from.WebBookRegisterForm$WebBookRegisterFormBuilder
com/userdemo/model/form/WebBookChapterPaymentForm.java
 com.userdemo.model.form.WebBookChapterPaymentForm
com/userdemo/service/WriterService.java
 com.userdemo.service.WriterService
com/userdemo/model/form/RegisterReaderForm.java
 com.userdemo.model.form.RegisterReaderForm
com/userdemo/model/form/RegisterWebBookForm.java
 com.userdemo.model.form.RegisterWebBookForm
com/userdemo/model/entity/ReaderWebBookChapter.java
 com.userdemo.model.entity.ReaderWebBookChapter
 com.userdemo.model.entity.ReaderWebBookChapter$ReaderWebBookChapterBuilder
com/userdemo/model/entity/repository/WriterRepository.java
 com.userdemo.model.entity.repository.WriterRepository
com/userdemo/model/entity/Writer.java
 com.userdemo.model.entity.Writer
 com.userdemo.model.entity.Writer$WriterBuilder
com/userdemo/model/entity/Reader.java
 com.userdemo.model.entity.Reader
 com.userdemo.model.entity.Reader$ReaderBuilder
com/userdemo/model/entity/repository/ReaderRepository.java
 com.userdemo.model.entity.repository.ReaderRepository
com/userdemo/model/form/RegisterWriterForm.java
 com.userdemo.model.form.RegisterWriterForm
com/userdemo/model/form/RegisterWebBookChapterForm.java
 com.userdemo.model.form.RegisterWebBookChapterForm
com/userdemo/client/PaymentClient.java
 com.userdemo.client.PaymentClient
com/userdemo/model/dto/WebBookChapterPaymentDto.java
 com.userdemo.model.dto.WebBookChapterPaymentDto
 com.userdemo.model.dto.WebBookChapterPaymentDto$WebBookChapterPaymentDtoBuilder
com/userdemo/client/from/WebBookChapterRegisterForm.java
 com.userdemo.client.from.WebBookChapterRegisterForm
 com.userdemo.client.from.WebBookChapterRegisterForm$WebBookChapterRegisterFormBuilder
com/userdemo/service/ReaderService.java
 com.userdemo.service.ReaderService
com/userdemo/model/dto/ReaderWebBookChapterDto.java
 com.userdemo.model.dto.ReaderWebBookChapterDto
 com.userdemo.model.dto.ReaderWebBookChapterDto$ReaderWebBookChapterDtoBuilder
com/userdemo/service/WriterWebBookService.java
 com.userdemo.service.WriterWebBookService
com/userdemo/model/dto/WebBookDto.java
 com.userdemo.model.dto.WebBookDto
 com.userdemo.model.dto.WebBookDto$WebBookDtoBuilder
com/userdemo/model/dto/WebBookChapterDetailDto.java
 com.userdemo.model.dto.WebBookChapterDetailDto
 com.userdemo.model.dto.WebBookChapterDetailDto$WebBookChapterDetailDtoBuilder
com/userdemo/controller/WriterController.java
 com.userdemo.controller.WriterController
com/userdemo/client/WebBookClient.java
 com.userdemo.client.WebBookClient
com/userdemo/model/dto/WebBookChapterDto.java
 com.userdemo.model.dto.WebBookChapterDto
 com.userdemo.model.dto.WebBookChapterDto$WebBookChapterDtoBuilder
com/userdemo/service/ReaderWebBookService.java
 com.userdemo.service.ReaderWebBookService
com/userdemo/controller/ReaderController.java
 com.userdemo.controller.ReaderController
com/userdemo/model/entity/repository/ReaderWebBookChapterRepository.java
 com.userdemo.model.entity.repository.ReaderWebBookChapterRepository
